README.md, before:

TurtleBezierPath
===================

`TurtleBezierPath` is a `UIBezierPath` subclass for Turtle Graphics: a simple, intuitive drawing system developed my Seymour Papert for the Logo programming language.

The Turtle is a drawing cursor that follows the commands: `home`, `turn`, `forward`, `leftArc`, `rightArc`, `up` and `down`. As the Turtle moves, it draws a path in its wake. Many shapes are much easier to draw this way.

Demo app
------------------

The app requires iOS 7 and allows you to explore Turtle Graphics drawing with simple controls. It's fun too!

![Turtle Graphics!](Sequence 1.gif)

Installation
------------------
Simply add `TurtleBezierPath.h` and `TurtleBezierPath.m` to your project.

`TurtleBezierPath` will work with both ARC and MRC projects.

@interface
-----
Both `NSCoding` and `NSCopying` are fully supported.


`@property( nonatomic, assign ) CGFloat bearing;` // The compass bearing of the Turtle in **degrees**

* 0 - North
* 90 - East
* 180 - South
* 270 - West


`@property( nonatomic, assign ) BOOL penUp;` // When `YES` the Turtle will move but not draw


`-(CGRect)boundsWithStroke;` // The bounds rect of the path including the stroke width


`-(void)home;` // Move the Turtle to ( 0, 0 ) and set the bearing to 0 *degrees*


`-(void)forward:(CGFloat)distance;` // Move the Turtle forward **distance** points


`-(void)turn:(CGFloat)angle;` // Add **angle** degrees to the Turtle's bearing


`-(void)leftArc:(CGFloat)radius turn:(CGFloat)angle;` // Move the Turtle **angle** degrees in an anti-clockwise arc of **radius** points


`-(void)rightArc:(CGFloat)radius turn:(CGFloat)angle;` // Move the Turtle **angle** degrees in a clockwise arc of **radius** points


`-(void)down;` // Move the pen down


`-(void)up;` // Move the pen up


`-(void)centreInBounds:(CGRect)bounds;` // Transform the path so that the home position is in the centre of the bounds



@end
-----

Commit message:

Added Cocoapod reference to README

README.md, after:

TurtleBezierPath
===================

`TurtleBezierPath` is a `UIBezierPath` subclass for Turtle Graphics: a simple, intuitive drawing system developed my Seymour Papert for the Logo programming language.

The Turtle is a drawing cursor that follows the commands: `home`, `turn`, `forward`, `leftArc`, `rightArc`, `up` and `down`. As the Turtle moves, it draws a path in its wake. Many shapes are much easier to draw this way.

Demo app
------------------

The app requires iOS 7 and allows you to explore Turtle Graphics drawing with simple controls. It's fun too!

![Turtle Graphics!](Sequence 1.gif)

Installation
------------------
Simply add `TurtleBezierPath.h` and `TurtleBezierPath.m` to your project, or add it as a **Cocoapod** named `TurtleBezierPath`.

`TurtleBezierPath` will work with both ARC and MRC projects.

@interface
-----
Both `NSCoding` and `NSCopying` are fully supported.


`@property( nonatomic, assign ) CGFloat bearing;` // The compass bearing of the Turtle in **degrees**

* 0 - North
* 90 - East
* 180 - South
* 270 - West


`@property( nonatomic, assign ) BOOL penUp;` // When `YES` the Turtle will move but not draw


`-(CGRect)boundsWithStroke;` // The bounds rect of the path including the stroke width


`-(void)home;` // Move the Turtle to ( 0, 0 ) and set the bearing to 0 *degrees*


`-(void)forward:(CGFloat)distance;` // Move the Turtle forward **distance** points


`-(void)turn:(CGFloat)angle;` // Add **angle** degrees to the Turtle's bearing


`-(void)leftArc:(CGFloat)radius turn:(CGFloat)angle;` // Move the Turtle **angle** degrees in an anti-clockwise arc of **radius** points


`-(void)rightArc:(CGFloat)radius turn:(CGFloat)angle;` // Move the Turtle **angle** degrees in a clockwise arc of **radius** points


`-(void)down;` // Move the pen down


`-(void)up;` // Move the pen up


`-(void)centreInBounds:(CGRect)bounds;` // Transform the path so that the home position is in the centre of the bounds



@end
-----
